# Quarterly Goals (Q3 2017)

## Features

### [Autocomplete Improvements](/milestones/autocomplete/)
Autocomplete has fallen behind search and needs to be updated. There are several bug fixes that would improve 
result quality right away. Other improvements would include integration of placeholder/libpostal/interpolation.
 
### [Admin Lookup Improvements](/milestones/admin_lookup/)
We use the admin lookup module during our builds as well as part of `/reverse` query processing.
 
### [Data Quality and Coverage](/milestones/quality_coverage/)
Evaluate quality and coverage of POI and address data in several countries.
Implement a validation testing suite that can be used to track progress in the evaluated countries. 

### [Batch Geocoding](/milestone/batch_geocoding_app/)
Officially release the Mapzen Search electron application to allow users to perform batch geocoding.

### [OpenAddresses Data Management Tool](https://github.com/mapzen/mobility-on-demand-sandbox-contributions)
A wizard-style data registry web-app to make OpenAddresses data contributions accessible.

### License Meta Data

>_Note: this milestone is a carry-over from Q2-2017_

Add license information to each record in the index. Indicate whether or not attribution is 
required and if the record falls under the share-alike clause.

## Infrastructure

### Growth
Hire one new teammate!

### [Implement Ops Reform](/milestones/ops_reform/)
Last quarter was R&D and this quarter we will start gradually transitioning into the identified infrastructure.

### [OSS Community](/milestones/community_building/)
This quarter we will be presenting a workshop at [FOSS4G in Boston](http://2017.foss4g.org/) focusing on how to setup an instance of Pelias.
